Pax is back at again today going to be
trying to protect the Imperium as an
Inquisitor not as
usual and getting away from the Glitchy
section of the map there don't worry
that wasn't your monitor breaking that's
the map we've got quick collect
call I really feel like this name would
sound a lot better if it was quick call
collect but
it's not
so moving
on he's going to be playing as the mech
boy here in drillo Forge apparently
opening out with purely Shooters and
Sluggers not sure if he knows that Pax
is going IG maybe he wants to spam
looters two or three looters could be
decent I guess don't know maybe we'll
see tempted Hammer of the witches here
to snag a model off these shooters
and the sluger is just going to go B
probably wants to rotate the Sentinel
elsewhere I'm not
sure trying to put the pressure on the
mech boy here is really worth it should
be Hammer the witching one of those
Shooters I think this rear one would
have died grab the XP why
not saing it for the mech I guess to
shut him up but I don't think this is a
very valuable use of these two
units I don't think so
these Sluggers are getting away with a
lot right now and really the Sentinel
should be hunting them and pressuring
them since there's nothing The Sentinel
can do the Sluggers can do against the
Sentinel and he's not really denying the
gens of the Gen Farm I me this is why
it's so risky to go for well actually to
be honest quick collect Call's build
makes no sense he didn't even drop
double
gens and oh he went for fast burners ah
well I mean I wouldn't recommend that
now he can't get his tier 1.5 looters
out I mean there was a chance that PA
wouldn't respond and he'd wipe a squad
in which case it'd be worth it but I
never like it if you're relying on your
four [__] up for a play to be worth
it I want to take the play that works
out best if my f doesn't [__] up and if
he [__] up it's a
bonus but I don't I don't want to play
the tries to exploit my opponent [__]
up cuz you know that the higher level
the game gets in skill the less
effective those players are going to be
and that was definitely one of those
players he didn't pay out he's actually
going for storm boys which is kind of
wild Pax is going to be getting the cish
as you pretty much always want anyway on
a tight map like this and they're just
going to be a beautiful count to the
Sluggers and the stor boys now you would
expect the battery Pack's going to come
out to support those stor boys I mean
he's going to need it cuz they're going
to be bleeding like crazy otherwise com
to all the pcing damage that the
Imperial Guard can
deploy theor is online will be nice to
have the burner Sluggers as this game
goes on if you keep using them to cap
the sides there are these two annoying
garrisons near the side
VPS but defending his gen Farm is a bit
more pertinent right now and I don't
know how he's going to do that when he's
only got storm Boys versus a sentinel
and a kishan double Squad real
Bo no Sergeant upgrades on the gsman
just using them for capping and
repairing not for combat so that's wise
cuz that reduces the amount of upkeep
burden you have so you can get more gens
and we see we've got triple gens for
packs third one building kadan's
locating Sluggers on top that will
definitely have to be a retreat from the
Sluggers they don't want that fight and
it's going to be interesting to see what
the Inquisitor gets does she go for a
Brazier and try and Tango with these
Orcs in melee nice stomp there
going to stun all them Lads gsman could
just take the Garrison really should
have took the Garrison I don't know why
they're trying to move away to be
honest but yes sto's just going to
retreat not really able to achieve a
whole lot there and just wanted to get
out before he started taking some bleed
I really do have to question the choice
of fast stor Boyers versus the
IG Triple Decker coming up on the mech
boy massive increase to his DPS it's a
good option but again I wouldn't be
getting that right now he needs more
units really quick collect call needs a
looter I would
say but he's going for the shooter
shooter
shooter stomp should be off cool down
now so this Slugger Rush is not really a
big threat yeah deterred and then you
got 12 GMA shooting
them boy shooting the
gsman seems like a few of his shots are
scattering
and we went for the hly brazia yeah so
we can counter initiate with the Holy p
drop
down oh nearly killing the C kills the
cians okay packs [__] up his micro
yeah going to have to replace them
against Sluggers and storm
boys but he is getting the the gem bash
over here so it's not terrible where are
the Sluggers yeah they're they're the
wrong side they're down here so I was
going to say maybe they can run in and
get a g Bash
whilst this is going on really should
have the storm boys down here but slers
wouldn't have killed the Kish whereas
the storm boys can By ignoring that
range damage by jumping in ply p goes
down a little bit of damage over time
but the main thing is it's reducing the
damage output of the Sluggers by I
believe 20% let's check that yeah so
that helps her survivability in Mele
fights quite a
lot bang hit that boy with a hammer of
the witches and Retreat out of there
that's nice after claiming some bleed
destroys the full gen Farm does packs
I'm going to rotate some Gman to the
center but these are fully aggraded
Shooters this is not really a good fight
for the Guardsman but with a good Old
Reliable from the kishan
Devils it's a pretty good situation
there for the
guard where's the stomp going to need
the stomp retreating through stom boys
ooh just in time with the stomp five
models down no sergeants that's actually
quite expensive that's going to cost him
more than a tactical Space Marine to
reinforce obviously if you don't go for
the sergeants you you really don't want
to be losing models which is why I
wouldn't have took that fight with the
the 12 Guardsman versus the
shooters unless he's now going to start
purchasing Sergeant as he goes tier
two probably
not so quick collect call forcer build
generators up here since he had his
bottom power Decap and he knows he's
going to be behind in Tech he needs to
hurry up and normalize that Tech
situation he did pick up the battery
pack now the storm boys will be a lot
better in tier 2 they get such a
substantial increase in their DPS when
they get the stormboy off plus you get
bomber boys which is pretty good against
Kish and Devils due to all their models
and how tight their formation is bom Bo
will nearly always hit all six models of
cish which is
helpful but yeah kishan's getting way
too close there I don't know what that
was all about the stor boy still got
their jump so they can put the pressure
on right now Sentinal lone HP quite
risky if he actually Dodges The
Stomp he doesn't he swaps into with all
five models I going to say if he Dodges
that stomp there is an option to kill
the Sentinel here with a pressure from
the mech
boy maybe drop down a more D of global
on that me to make him do some more
range damage while you're at it but yeah
misses the opportunity but nonetheless
the gsman are routed senel actually
staying in play here quite risky you've
got the teleport and me boy lering
around we have an end for
now obviously going to be able to stun
the M by here though with hammer of the
witches strange teleport there should
have teleported
away oh look at the burners melting that
g
Squad see to be a Miss micro there we've
now got the assale armor upgraded you
wipes the the GMA Squad right after they
just bought the damn Sergeant as
well not good for PA and is he going to
lose his Sentinel potentially I mean
Sluggers will not do too much as in the
actual Pistols that the boys have here
as you can see not very
effective they're doing some damage
man imagine killing a senal with Slugger
pistols oh that would be impressive the
burners will hurt though but now he's
got the repairs coming in now we do see
the sergeant on the other Gman Squad
what P replaces his what wait I was just
looking down here at the roster to see
that he replaced the Gman and I look
back and the Sentinel died how did it
die was that like a delayed [__]
melee
hit or was that the burners doing that
much damage surely they don't do that
much damage the S was on like over 50
HP
crazy I am shocked that Pax has
purchased another gsman Squad I don't
agree with that when you're in tier 2
you should just be replacing them now
with Storm Troopers to be honest they're
going to do so much more damage
especially when he's fighting
melee Gman are good fighting range where
you just out trade your opponents due to
how much HP the actual gasma squads have
and how cheap they are to reinforce we
are under attack but they just get
rushed down by melee and get wrecked Sal
Kate Storm Troopers theyve got that
utility with their grenades and their
infiltration they got more range now
they don't have their assault kit right
now just default but you can see against
Orcs which are predominantly light
infantry it's just so nice to have these
hot shot last
guns yeah very nice
tool he's got the assale to counter the
stormbow when they jump in that will
immobilize and suppress the squad
suppressions IR relevant but it could be
useful if it's like a range Squad stops
them firing as well not just
immobilizing them but ultimately
immobilizing the stor boys is what you
want to do here do we see a sergeant on
the kishan Devils we do so EAS provides
quite a lot of DPS and a little bit of
HP he's got that nice melter gun let's
see kishan's going to go into melee
right now we've got storm boys running
into melee the wrong Squad oh kishan's
getting wrecked right now the asale does
come out from The Inquisitor you see
hiding below the boys there really
probably saving the kishan devils and
yeah Shooters running into melee with
Gman probably would be
wise yeah just the damage output of the
Storm Troopers is so huge that was one
of the worst grenades I've ever seen in
my life packs
Jesus I don't know what that was very
delayed but he's going to get the full
bash now on the second power Farm the
quick collect call purchased and that's
pretty bad for him quick collect call
Super far behind on VPS right now as
well only got 187 to the 476 of packs
packs barely lost any VPS at this point
in the match
was that an AED how did they see
that must have noticed kadish is
planting
it
strange do we see a death dread there I
think the death dread right now could be
pretty legit you know certainly burn
down the farm quite well and there's no
AV might Force The Inquisitor to pick up
the melter pistol which wouldn't be that
bad cuz it's you know it's slowing packs
down I think that's 50 power that one
and obviously the bra is still a threat
not like fighting the Mel pistols ever
fun with that judgment ability nice
special attack there from the Sluggers
are we going to see a shotgun blast to
save the Storm Troopers we do indeed but
there go the extra increased jump range
storm boys flying in and dealing with
the Kish without their shotgun blast
they have a problem so what I said like
this the power of the sluger sorry the
storb knob in T it's just too much it
overwhelms the cians their sge isn't
quite as competent as that they can't
take on the St boy with a
no hell Fury strike and a holy P so much
damage over time going out right now
investing quite a lot into this fight is
our friend Pax trying to kill the stb
knob with the hammer of the witches but
doesn't quite manage it can oh that's so
greedy from packs man trying to get all
that bleed I mean that storb
knob lucky he he must have had very
little HP to have been hit by the Hammer
of the witches have three of the boys
with him and the whole Squad was on 220
HP that's pretty
wild you know
again it's one of them things what's the
need why does Pax need to kill the storb
knob right now he's aead in Te all he
needs to do is get that one two the
Leman and the cakin and he's going to be
good foot of gawk does Pax see it he
doesn't see it oh my God Pax what the
[__] are you doing then he Retreats
everything annihilated four Storm
Troopers and it Guardsman there Jesus
Christ must have been looking at his
cishan Devils off the
screen foot of gawk is very useful just
to force Retreats on players but you've
seen how long the delay is with that
massive marker on the screen all you got
to do is hit Retreat it'll knock you
over but it won't do any real damage but
that's still good cuz it still forces
the enemy to retreat and as long as it's
not gasman with commissar who can break
their Retreat afterwards and come back
at you at the cost of one model that's
really valuable to be able to Force off
potentially multiple squads combo it
with your bomber boys knock enemies over
then they can't Dodge combo it with
aiming what that then they can't Dodge
because they're suppressed combine it
with uh looters or you knock back from
your passive hit from the weird boy all
fantastic ways to force the enemy to
retreat that
Squad enemy Spott they do normally
Retreat it and it doesn't do a lot of
damage but that was
beautiful going to take some time to
regain that energy is he just going to
lose the Weir
God Retreat this is what I mean oh wow
Hammer of the witches goes down and N HP
is left in that Weir by I feel like all
these infantry of the Guard there
rotated their fire to the shooters and
if they actually kept firing at the we
Bo that would have been them dead using
swamp him here a little bit dubious I
can't remember how much red that cost is
it 25 red or 40 red it's a lot of red it
gives one plus one speed and it gives a
large uh boost to their ranged Dr it's
40% stor boys are dominating here man
look at him kicking ass absolutely
slaughtering these kishan attack kishan
rely on getting that shotgun damage in
as the enemy melee squads approach and
then hitting them with explosive shot
and see seeing them and in that sense
they can kishan will dominate Sluggers
but yeah the storb is just jumping on
the head and stunning the kishan not
ideal I like this play jumps these stor
boys out get away from that Holy P the
damage over time doesn't matter at this
point you got level three stor boys
they're true durable but with 20%
reduced damage it's a big deal want all
your damage on your stor boys and there
you go see D sto is absolutely
dominating The Inquisitor in melee as
well oh this is greedy now I don't like
this he's getting too confident tries to
go for the wipe now he's bleeding get
out of there man I Old Reliable Le if he
was more onic packs he could have hit
them with a retreat grenade earlier oh
he still gets them oh Jesus kills all
the stor boys except the knob honestly
could have hit the uh the knob there as
well if he was a bit sooner he'd have
missed the boys but I think the Old
Reliable might have killed the boys
anyway but yeah beautiful shot there
from the weird boy going to disuade
those Storm Troopers send out a zap
probably not really worth it to be
honest probably would have just saved my
energy for another foot of
GA but Pax is kind of chilling 424 VPS
to Pax and under 100 for his four right
now and Pax is TI free no gen bashing
you see from Quick collect call what
quick collect call needs to be doing is
in all these big fights where most of
the units are focused on one side of the
map you want to angle your Sluggers down
the opposite side of the map and
constantly pressure for Gen bashes don't
forget you can use more daer on your
Sluggers to make them burners do some
more damage as well bash faster I think
a death dread would have been useful
about 7 minutes
ago honestly a little bit late for the
death dread now for God's sake Pax is
going to have a tank coming
out quick collect call should know that
man he should know that a tank should be
on Route soon Pax only bought the
Stormtroopers in tier two well an aasman
squ that he replac
but basically no power expenditure and
you can see this look at this 300
freaking power in the bank for packs an
absolutely ludicrous amount I am
ready another saale the storm boys he
exploiting it for a lot of damage
really nice vomit there from the Weir
B Weir Bo needs to make sure he's
focusing on Storm Troopers and not
hurting his own storm
boys he is going for the burners and
bits but honestly at this point even if
he gets the Gen Farm it doesn't matter
PX has got a crazy amount of stockpiled
power shs of attacking here
there a timely Retreat there from the
Stormtroopers I mean
yeah why are the Slugger boys down here
why are they not up bashing I don't
understand what is the what is being
gained here by Bas locking packs like
this the Orcs are bleeding loads
probably bleeding more than the IG cuz
that's just the IG thing I mean look at
these Gman retreating without any losses
sort of
thing um and no no gens have been bashed
if nothing else at least that's XP and
red for quick collect call
but as I say even if the bash does occur
at this point it's it's really way too
late way too
late where is the tank what is PAX
doing bleeding too much apparently
what's Lan 575
wreck he's not getting it is he actually
going for a ban blade if Pax goes for a
ban blade or a storm Lord or whatever
Associated super heavy vehicle he wants
to get and then loses the game due to it
I'm going to laugh and it would be much
deserved Hax loves his super unit rushes
and it's really a good idea to rush
super unit you need a good standing base
Army and as you can see right now his
standing base Army is getting kind of
dominated even by just storm
boys Russ would help a lot in that
regard and there's now a death dread
burning down his genam which PA
basically has no counter
to there's the M daker on the shooters
doing a lot of damage right now can they
kill the Gman Squad very close oh one HP
unlucky unlucky quick collect call you
deserved that kill I
think now going for loo is probably
anticipating hold on he's not bought
anything in ages there's going to be a
tank
soon honestly it wouldn't surprise me if
he can take out the ban blade you've got
a potential beamy death gun on the mech
with the custom force field which
prevents him being from knocked over by
a Demolisher Cannon or an all reliable
heavy melee stor boy knob on Retreat not
Retreat rear armor death
dread
similar and uh a bey death
gun oh now he's going for a Leeman Russ
cuz Pax is realizing oh [__] I'm
bleeding like crazy and I actually can't
kill this damn death dread which is now
base raping his kishan devils and this
is a lot of bleed
man IG do not enjoy paying 35
requisition per model and this is taking
away all the resources of packs look at
the the damage there on the base turret
okay this is a bad idea it dude chill
out you're not taking out the base
turret if you want to take it out anyway
you need to be using your burners not
chopping yeah getting too greedy taking
over the map reversing that VP lead but
very slow at it why does it took him so
long to take the top VP I'm not sure
shouldn't be doing that with the Mech
buy the Meb needs to be on repair duties
where are the Sluggers Sluggers are idle
down
bottom double death dread well the thing
is death dread actually pretty good
against super heavy Vehicles not so good
against lman rust cuz they're fast too
fast there you go the tank reveals
itself look at the beautiful damage from
that attack from the weird boy bit of a
panic Health the I think that not really
hitting anything
but death TR is just going to Suicide
charge in it's going to die straight
away yeah I'm not sure what that was all
about looks like the splash there
actually ooh where's the retreat dude
what are you doing Pax he just doesn't
retreat at a foot of gawk holy crap so
lucky that this guy lived how did he
live I'm not even
sure a little bit of damage there to Lon
rust on the foot of gawk obviously
mostly an anti-infantry tool very lucky
for him to
live losing the Kish would be brutal as
good as the Leman Russ is it's not a DPS
machine it's more about its
durability still need the Kish to
control the enemy melee while you're
trying to Whitt them
down brute force is his way past the
beamy looter there on the the looter
squad do we see a beamy death gun on the
mech boy no not
yet no resources really went for a
second death dread God knows why vict I
guess the first one did really well but
that's only cuz there were no
AV Pax of course does have a now so yeah
I'm not sure what the idea was
there sail finally suppressing the mech
boy there shutting him up while the
inquis to caps the
point can he stop the cap in the mid
going to require a nice special attack
from the storm boys
nope so it is going to be a two to one C
in favor of packs for a short while
Shooters look like they're going to that
VP they likely should it's becoming
quite a tight VP game
now 110 for packs to 98 here for quick
collect
call is that an executioner it is yeah
this is going to be pretty brutal
against this infantry based composition
of the
arcs Big Splash damage and really just
great DPS on that exec tioner you can
see it's short of range though last kind
of hitting the shooters there but not in
range with the Executioner but here we
go boom boom boom basically half the
health of the damn Squad gone in that
first
barrage you see the cool down between
barrages isn't huge but be L is here
doing some good work and storb jumping
in on rear armor trying to block it
let's see can we get one of them heavy
melee headbutts coming in boom bang
heavy melee headbutt 44 HP on the lman
Russ getting a little bit of repairs but
the Guardsman are not in great
position we should be able to rot it
over there but the death dread might be
able to deter them to be
honest did The Inquisitor get killed no
she had to retreat though kishan get
caught while capping down bottom by the
Sluggers so basically a full route from
PS has he got enough time here he's got
to spend time with these two gsman
repairing his lman rust that's time that
they aren't capping the map granted
there's not really anywhere he could cap
he already owns the top and that's the
only bit that's not contested by the
arcs right now Pax basically needs to
stall out right now when get casakin
he's got the red for a nuke it looks
like yeah he's got the Rocket run so
execute a good Rocket run get casakin I
don't see how Pax loses this one but
we'll
see double beamy looters very
nice no be defun on the mech bit
surprising sir that's 100
points this is tricky for packs he kind
of wants his kishan he wants everything
basically together all his units he
needs the kishan nearby for the Old
Reliable to disrupt the beamy looters
and then he wants the Gman nearby to
repair that's a
CRI so the Executioner does rely quite a
bit on Splash against infantry to really
put the hurt in oh peratus wow you never
see this W in a 1 V one
stunned one of the beamies obviously he
didn't know the location of it that is
such a bad Rocket run oh my gosh oh did
that actually wipe a l oh it did all
right and it killed his own Inquisitor
but he could have easily killed both of
these I don't know if you seen this this
looter and the Leman conveniently for
packs is slightly out of range of that
one guys I'm going to hug that Leman to
Better Health and we have what's going
on over here Shooters have gone around
the side
there we go the death D does fall to the
front mounted last cannon on that Leman
[Music]
R be is still in player but isolated
like this it's not got the durability to
last long against all these Las guns and
just Brute Force push from the execution
Leman Triple cap four quick collect call
against pack right now pack needs to get
onto the points quickly the Gman are in
the middle but this is one of the
disadvantages of the executioner it does
friendly fire so it is now helping melt
the gsman he's going to lose this isn't
he cuz he can't get onto the bottom VP
he hasn't caught the bottom he's only
decapped it and he's gotten off to take
the mid he's
lost the indecisiveness in tier three
trying to go for a super unit no doubt
that's what Pax is doing he freaking
loves it and he ends up losing the match
due to it obviously you needed that
Leman Russ out ages
ago not sure about the investment into
patus he needed casakin as a classic one
two he just needed more Firepower on the
field right now to get rid of all these
light infantry Orcs look at this the the
mecho of his turret doing a lot of
damage to the calans wow you never see a
mebo turret do you not like it was
particularly influential in this match
but there you go folks I love seeing IG
versus Orcs it's just a whole lot of
Carnage and uh nice to see foot of gawk
actually doing something as well again
God knows what Pax was doing not
retreating out of it but if you don't
retreat out of foot turns out it's
pretty deadly it's going to be all from
you boy to this time I am signing out
[Music]